1.Is reliable, can always be counted on. 2.Is original, comes up with new Ideas. 3.Is outgoing, sociable.
1.Avoids intellectual, philosophical discussions. 2.Finds it hard to influence people. 3.Can be cold and uncaring.
1.Is systematic, likes to keep things in order. 2.Stays optimistic after experiencing a setback. 3.Values art and beauty.
1.Leaves a mess, doesn’t clean up. 2.Has little creativity. 3.Is helpful and unselfish with others.
1.Is persistent, works until the task is finished. 2.Has few artistic interests. 3.Assumes the best about people.
1.Is less active than other people. 2.Is respectful, treats others with respect. 3.Worries a lot.
1.Starts arguments with others. 2.Shows a lot of Enthusiasm. 3.Is relaxed, handles stress well.
1.Tends to be disorganized. 2.Is compassionate, has a soft heart. 3.Has an assertive personality.
1.Feels secure, comfortable with self. 2.Has difficulty getting started on tasks. 3.Tends to find fault with others.
1.Is suspicious of others’ intentions. 2.Prefers to have others take charge. 3.Often feels sad.
1.Is moody, has up and down mood swings. 2.Is curious about many different things. 3.Keeps things neat and tidy.
1.Thinks poetry and plays are boring. 2.Can be tense. 3.Can be somewhat careless.
1.Has difficulty imagining things. 2.Keeps their emotions under control. 3.Tends to be quiet.
1.Is inventive, finds clever ways to do things. 2.Is sometimes shy, introverted. 3.Is efficient, gets things done.
1.Is temperamental, gets emotional easily. 2.Is sometimes rude to others. 3.Has little interest in abstract Ideas.
1.Is emotionally stable, not easily upset. 2.Is complex, a deep thinker. 3.Is dependable, steady.
1.Is fascinated by art, music, or literature. 2.Is polite, courteous to others. 3.Is dominant, acts as a leader.
1.Tends to feel depressed, blue. 2.Tends to be lazy. 3.Rarely feels excited or eager.
1.Is full of energy. 2.Feels little sympathy for others. 3.Sometimes behaves irresponsibly.
1.Is talkative. 2.Has a forgiving nature. 3.Rarely feels anxious or afraid.